Add Aside component (#761)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/reference/api-reference.md

### `<Markdown />`

:::caution[Deprecated]

> The `<Markdown />` component does not work in SSR and may be removed before v1.0. It should should be avoided if possible. To use Markdown in your templates, use a seperate `.md` file and then [`import` Markdown](/en/guides/markdown-content/#importing-markdown) into your template as a component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Markdown />` component does not work in SSR and will be moved to its own package before v1.0. Consider [importing Markdown content](/en/guides/markdown-content/#importing-markdown) instead.
```

<Prism lang="js" code={`const foo = 'bar';`} />
```

:::note

> **`@astrojs/prism`** is built-in as part of the `astro` package. No need to install as a separate dependency just yet! However, note that we do plan to extract `@astrojs/prism` to a separate, installable package in the future.

Author: :::caution[Deprecated]
**`@astrojs/prism`** will be extracted to a separate, installable package in the future.
